1441: Update usage ideas & examples page (#1679)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/concepts/usage-ideas-examples.md

Some core pieces of the web are still centralized, making it more prone to breaking or being censored. IPFS can help and make the web more resilient.

### Bluesky

> Blue Sky is a decentralized social media protocol built on [IPLD](../concepts/ipld.md) that originated as a Twitter project but is now independent.

Author: ```suggestion
Bluesky is a decentralized social media protocol built on [IPLD](../concepts/ipld.md) that originated as a Twitter project but is now independent.
```
